.\" This manpage is copyright (C) 1998 Branden Robinson <branden@debian.org>.
.\"
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with the Debian GNU/Linux system; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307 USA
.TH kdm.options 5 "17 February 2000" "Debian GNU/Linux"
.SH NAME
kdm.options \- configuration options for X display manager
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I /etc/X11/kdm/kdm.options
contains a set of flags that determine some of the behavior of the
X display manager
.BR kdm (1).
.PP
.I /etc/X11/kdm/kdm.options
may contain comments, which begin with a hash mark and end at the next
newline, just like comments in shell scripts.  The rest of the file
consists of options which are expressed as words separated by hyphens,
with only one option per line.  If an option is present with the "no-"
prefix, or absent, it is disabled, otherwise it is considered enabled.
.PP
Available options are:
.IP ignore-nologin
Normally, the contents of the /etc/nologin file will be displayed using
.BR xmessage (1)
(if xmessage is available), and the user will be returned to the kdm login
screen after the xmessage is dismissed.  If this option is enabled, kdm
starts a session as usual (after the xmessage is dismissed, if xmessage
is available).
.IP generate-sessiontypes
Automatically generate the SessionTypes= line in /etc/kde2/kdmrc.  If this
option is enabled, kdm will use the menu system to automatically determine
what window/session managers are installed on your system as they are installed
or removed and will base the SessionTypes listing on that.
.IP restart-on-upgrade
Enable this option with caution on "production" machines; it causes the
kdm daemon to be stopped and restarted on upgrade, even if the process
has children (which means it is managing X sessions).  Typically when
a package that contains a daemon is being installed or upgraded, its
maintainer scripts stop a running daemon process before installing the
new binary, and restart it after the new binary is installed.  Stopping
kdm causes immediate termination of any sessions it manages; in some
situations this could be an unwelcome surprise (for instance, for remote
kdm users who had no idea the administrator was performing system
maintenance).  On the other hand, for machines that stay up for long
periods of time, leaving the old daemon running can be a bad idea if
the new version has, for instance, a fix for a security vulnerability
(overwriting kdm's executable on the file system has no effect on the
copy of kdm in memory).  The kdm pre-removal script checks to see if the
kdm process has any children; if it does, it is possible that someone's
session would be killed by stopping kdm, so a warning is issued and an
opportunity to abort the upgrade of kdm is provided.  If this option is
disabled (the Debian default), kdm will be not be stopped or started
during an install or upgrade; the administrator will have to do so by
hand (with "/etc/init.d/kdm restart", or by rebooting the system) before
the newly installed kdm binary is used.
.IP run-xconsole
This option opens an
.BR xconsole (1)
client to catch messages that would normally go to the Linux virtual
console and thus be missed in many cases by the user.  By default, this
option is only supported in the Xsetup file for display :0
.RI ( /etc/X11/kdm/Xsetup_0 ),
but any Xsetup script may use it if appropriately edited.  This option is
disabled by default because sensitive information may be made visible to
untrusted people (anyone who can see the screen, since one does not have to be
logged in to view the kdm greeter screen).  Before enabling this option, it is
a good idea to check and/or modify the system log daemon configuration.
.IP use-sessreg
If this option is enabled (the Debian default), the sessreg program will
be invoked to register X sessions managed by kdm in the utmp and wtmp
files.  Otherwise, it is not, and the utmp and wtmp files will have no
record of kdm sessions.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sessreg (1),
.BR xconsole (1),
.BR xmessage (1),
.BR kdm (1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manpage was written by Branden Robinson for Debian GNU/Linux.
