.TH "konqueror" "1" "2.1" "KDE Development Team <kde-devel@kde.org>" "Net"
.SH "NAME"
konqueror \-  Web browser, file manager, ...
.SH "SYNTAX"
konqueror [Qt\-options] [KDE\-options] [options] [URL]
.br 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
KDE's advanced File Manager, Web Browser and Document Viewer
.SH "OPTIONS"
Generic options:
  \-\-help                    Show help about options
  \-\-help\-qt                 Show Qt specific options
  \-\-help\-kde                Show KDE specific options
  \-\-help\-all                Show all options
  \-\-author                  Show author information
  \-v, \-\-version             Show version information
  \-\-license                 Show license information
  \-\-                        End of options

Qt options:
  \-\-display <displayname>   Use the X\-server display
                            'displayname'.
  \-\-session <sessionId>     Restore the application for
                            the given 'sessionId'.
  \-\-cmap                    Causes the application to
                            install a private color map
                            on an 8\-bit display.
  \-\-ncols <count>           Limits the number of colors
                            allocated in the color
                            cube on a 8\-bit display, if
                            the application is using the
                            QApplication::ManyColor
                            color specification.
  \-\-nograb                  tells Qt to never grab the
                            mouse or the keyboard.
  \-\-dograb                  running under a debugger can
                            cause an implicit
                            \-nograb, use \-dograb to
                            override.
  \-\-sync                    switches to synchronous mode for
                            debugging.
  \-\-fn, \-\-font <fontname>   defines the application font.
  \-\-bg, \-\-background <color> sets the default background
                            color and an
                            application palette (light
                            and dark shades are
                            calculated).
  \-\-fg, \-\-foreground <color> sets the default foreground
                            color.
  \-\-btn, \-\-button <color>   sets the default button
                            color.
  \-\-name <name>             sets the application name.
  \-\-title <title>           sets the application title
                            (caption).
  \-\-visual TrueColor        forces the application to use
                            a TrueColor visual on an
                            8\-bit display.
  \-\-inputstyle <inputstyle> sets XIM (X Input Method)
                            input style. Possible values
                            are onthespot, overthespot,
                            offthespot and root.
  \-\-im <XIM server>         set XIM server.
  \-\-noxim                   disable XIM.
 
KDE options:
  \-\-caption <caption>       Use 'caption' as name in the
                            titlebar.
  \-\-icon <icon>             Use 'icon' as the application
                            icon.
  \-\-miniicon <icon>         Use 'icon' as the icon in the
                            titlebar.
  \-\-dcopserver <server>     Use the DCOP Server specified
                            by 'server'.
  \-\-nocrashhandler          Disable crash handler, to get
                            core dumps.
  \-\-waitforwm               Waits for a WM_NET compatible
                            windowmanager.
  \-\-style <style>           sets the application GUI
                            style.
  \-\-geometry <geometry>     sets the client geometry of
                            the main widget.
 
Options:
  \-\-silent                  Start without a default
                            window.
  \-\-profile <profile>       Profile to open.
  \-\-mimetype <mimetype>     Mimetype to use for this URL,
                            (e.g. text/html or
                            inode/directory).
 
Arguments:
  URL                       Location to open.
 
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
To run this program the standard way type:
.LP 
   konqueror http://www.kde.org/


.SH "AUTHORS"
 Started by Torben Weis <weis@kde.org>
 Maintained by David Faure <faure@kde.org>
Current team :
 Simon Hausmann <tronical@gmx.net>
 Matthias Welk <welk@fokus.gmd.de>
 Michael Reiher <michael.reiher@gmx.de>
 Alexander Neundorf <neundorf@kde.org> (List views)
 Lars Knoll <knoll@kde.org> (HTML rendering engine)
 Antti Koivisto <koivisto@kde.org> (HTML rendering engine)
 Waldo Bastian <bastian@kde.org> (HTML rendering engine)
 Matt Koss <koss@miesto.sk> (I/O lib)
 Stephan Kulow <coolo@kde.org> (I/O lib)
 Richard Moore <rich@kde.org> (Java applet support)
 Dina Rogozin <dima@mercury.co.il> (Java applet support)
